The intent of our game is to be a simple, but enjoyable 2D platformer that is not too difficult. 
Our Narrative is that humans have colonized the moon. While up there, the tradition to watch a space 
themed movie each week became a staple for the Earthers now on the moon. One sole astronaut must go 
through each level collecting popcorn for all the people watching the movie! In order to make this game
work, we used a cave themed platformer tileset along with a simple astronaut sprite sheet. This 
allowed us to create a simple animation for when the astronaut is moving. We also created lovely pop and 
bouncy sounds for collecting popcorn and jumping around. You can jump up through platforms, but you wont fall 
back through them! We went for more of a 8-bit pixelated aesthetic for our game and it all came together 
very nicely, if you believe people live up there and now there’s some little patches of grass in some places. 

Some of the struggles we faced on this project, was getting the parallax to work correctly. It was being 
quite stubborn and didn’t want to work properly. Also, surprising to us, we found it difficult to find a good 
tileset to use. Moon themed isn’t crazy popular in the free art world. We had fun created our own levels for 
the player to experience. This allowed us to give our own little touch to the game!

Each Member Contribution
Jake: 
	I created the movement of our player and made sure the camera followed correctly enough to provide enough 
  space in front for the player to see where to go next. I created the sign and dialog system, along with the 
  jumping mechanics with platform mechanics.
  
  Innocent:
         I helped creating a world using tile maps. In addition, I added a background image and implemented parallax feature.
         with the help of the team, integrated the parallax code demo from class into our project and customized it to fit into deferent levels of our game. 
  
  Levi:
    Designed level 2, handled sprite animation, created triggers and particle system for popcorn. Sourced assets
    for popcorn, fonts, button, background, and popcorn sound. Set up scene transitions and credits page. 

Attributions

Art
Astronaut: https://dizabanik.itch.io/pixelastronaut
Popcorn: https://opengameart.org/content/popcorn-icon
Font: https://www.1001freefonts.com/red-rocket.font
Buttons: https://fenfekx.itch.io/button
signs: https://opengameart.org/content/lpc-sign-post

Sound
Pop: https://opengameart.org/content/bubbles-pop
Bounce: https://opengameart.org/content/funny-comic-cartoon-bounce-sound


